Add export backup guide for S3 and GCS. (#22263)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

4. Click **Confirm**. Then your cluster data is backed up.

### Export backups

<div label="Amazon S3">

To export a specific backup to cloud storage, such as and Google Cloud Storage, perform the following steps:

<SimpleTab>

<div label="Amazon S3">

1. Navigate to the [**Backup**](#view-the-backup-page) page of your cluster.

> 2. Locate the backup you want to export, and click **...** > **Export** in the **Action** column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Locate the backup you want to export, and then click **...** > **Export** in the **Action** column.
```

> 3. In the **Export Backup to Amazon S3** dialog, enter the **Folder URI**, and then select a bucket region for the backup bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Export Backup to Amazon S3** dialog, enter the **Folder URI** field, and then select a bucket region for the backup bucket.
```

> 4. Click **Generate Command** to see the command for configuring permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Generate Command** to view the command for configuring permissions.
```

    - **With AWS CLI**:

        Execute the generated command on AWS to grant TiDB Cloud access to your Amazon S3 bucket.

    - **With AWS Console**:

        1. Navigate to the [Amazon S3 console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/).

>         2. Go to the bucket detail page, and then switch to the **Permissions** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. Open the target bucket details page, and then click the **Permissions** tab.
```

>         3. Scroll down to **Bucket Policy**, and then click **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. Scroll to **Bucket policy**, and then click **Edit**.
```

        4. Copy the policy content from the generated command, and then paste it into the policy editor.

>         5. Click **Save Changes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        5. Click **Save changes**.
```

5. Click **Export** to start the export process.

</div>

<div label="Google Cloud Storage">

To export a specific backup to Google Cloud Storage, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Backup**](#view-the-backup-page) page of your cluster.

2. Locate the backup you want to export, and then click **...** > **Export** in the **Action** column.

3. In the **Export Backup to Google Cloud Storage** dialog, note down the **Google Cloud Service Account ID**, which is required for a later step.

4. In the [Google Cloud console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), create a custom IAM role, or make sure that an existing role has the following permissions:
    
    - `storage.buckets.get`
    - `storage.objects.list`
    - `storage.objects.create`
    - `storage.objects.delete`

5. In **Cloud Storage** > **Buckets**, select the target bucket, and then go to **Permissions** > **Grant Access**.

> 6. In **New principals**, enter the **Service Account ID** that you noted down in Step 3, select the role from Step 4, and then click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In **New principals**, enter the **Service Account ID** from step 3, assign the role from step 4, and then click **Save**.
```
